Project License

1) Software (source code)

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Rusås Design

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


2) Content (non-code)

All Rights Reserved

Unless otherwise noted, all non-code content in this repository and any
deployed instances—such as blog posts and pages (including their text and
frontmatter), images, graphics, illustrations, logos, design assets, and any
other media or documentation (collectively, the "Content")—is the exclusive
property of Rusås Design and is protected by copyright and other applicable
laws.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, publicly display, or create derivative
works from the Content without prior written permission from the copyright
holder, except for:
- brief quotations or screenshots for the purpose of commentary, review, or
  news reporting, provided proper attribution to "Rusås Design" and a link to
  the source are included.

No rights are granted to use trademarks, logos, or brand elements of Rusås
Design without explicit written permission.


3) Third‑party components

This project may include dependencies or assets that are licensed under their
own terms. Such licenses are included with the respective components or are
otherwise referenced in their documentation. Use of those components is
subject to their respective licenses.


4) Questions and permissions

For permissions beyond the scope of this license, please contact:
kontakt@rusåsdesign.no (or the repository owner).